[Meetingsapps][Responsebody][1609300] (#2914)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/apps-in-teams-meetings/teams-apps-in-meetings.md

![pre-meeting tab view](../assets/images/apps-in-meetings/PreMeetingTab.png)

> ✔ Permissioned users are users who can add tabs to a meeting during different stages of the meeting lifecycle. These users can add apps to a meeting via the tab gallery in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✔ Permissioned users are users who can add apps to a meeting during different stages of the meeting lifecycle. These users can add apps to a meeting through the tab gallery in two ways:
```

Only an organizer or presenter can add, remove, or uninstall apps. Only organizer or presenter can create polls in a meeting.

For more information, see [roles in a Teams meeting](https://support.microsoft.com/office/roles-in-a-teams-meeting-c16fa7d0-1666-4dde-8686-0a0bfe16e019).

You can access the  **Meeting options** page as follows:

* In Teams, go to **Calendar** ![calendar logo](../assets/images/apps-in-meetings/calendar-logo.png), select a meeting, and then **Meeting options**.

* In a meeting invitation, select **Meeting options**.

* During a meeting, select **Show participants** ![show participants icon](../assets/images/apps-in-meetings/show-participants.png) in the meeting controls. Then, above the list of participants, choose **Manage permissions**.

### User types

> [!NOTE]
> Users with specific user types assigned to them can join meetings and assume one of the participant roles described in [participant roles](#participant-roles). The user type is not included in the **getParticipantRole** API.

The following user types identify what each user can do and what they can access:

> * In-tenant: In-tenant users belong to the organization and have credentials in Azure Active Directory (AAD) for the tenant. They are usually full-time, onsite, or remote employees. An in-tenant user can be an organizer, presenter, or attendee.

Reviewer 2: Can we make these bold so that it stands out?

Author: As per MSTP ideally we only bold User interface elements
